What wouldn't you do to save someone you love?

When They Come Calling is a modern ghost story, a suspenseful weaving of urban battles, romance, and supernatural intrigue.

Anna is a physician from Kansas City. She’s spent her life giving and caring to others while trying to hide how different she is. Anna has lost everyone she’s ever loved: her relationships, her family, and her hope for something more.

Jed is a warrior from another era, haunted by the horrors of a brutal family feud three thousand years in the making, and inspired by his own secret quest. Relentless and driven, Jed’s determination radiates to everyone around him.

What happens when they meet will keep you turning the pages.

Author Sarah Fleming Mountford started with a short ghost story. Over years and through personal trials, she added to it and shaped it, until it was the story she always wanted to write. We are excited to present that story to you, and your pre-order pledges will help cover the costs to edit and publish her debut.

“I love the process through which a story reveals itself. It can be a simultaneously maddening and exhilarating enterprise, ending in the joy of creating something beautiful.” – Sarah Fleming Mountford

When They Come Calling doesn't rely on paranormal hooks: it’s not werewolves, vampires, zombies, or nymphomaniacs engaged in magic or erotic adventures, but instead a classic tale of love and suspense; a modernized ghost story of two lost souls, drawn together until fate tears them apart.

Pre-order a copy through our Kickstarter, and you’ll receive a first edition of this modern day ghost story. Put on your slippers, forget your life for a few hours, and join Anna and Jed on their breathtaking adventure.

About the Author

Sarah Fleming Mountford is a native of Kansas City, proud to have lived on both sides of State Line Road. Although When They Come Calling is Sarah's debut novel, she is a published expert in the field of radiology business management. As exciting as the impact of insurance exchanges might be on the field of radiology, we thought a ghost story would be a better fit for our backers. She is also a reluctant soccer mom, rescue dog owner, and avid hiker. Follow her on Facebook and/or check out her profile on our website.

You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with

sound 00:00 00:00

About Atthis Arts

Atthis Arts, LLC

Atthis Arts, LLC is the proud publisher of When They Come Calling by debut author Sarah Fleming Mountford.

We are an independent publisher that follows the Partnership Publishing model. Unlike traditional publishers, Atthis Arts strives to keep as much of the creative control in our author’s hands to produce the story that the author wants to tell, not necessarily what the publisher believes will best sell. Our model uses crowdfunding to market and pre-sell titles in order to raise the funds necessary to produce a quality book.

You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with

sound 00:00 00:00

Where will the funding go?

The base funding will allow us to produce a professional book. There are three areas that the minimum funding will go towards to ensure we create a quality product::

Paper/Printing/Binding -- Known simply as PPB in the publishing business, this is the physical construction of the printed books.

Editing -- Sarah has a great story for you that has already been through some editing. Getting an external editor to provide developmental / line editing will ensure this wonderful story turns into a great book!

Author Royalty -- As a partnership publisher, we believe in compensating authors fairly for their hard work. We are not a "vanity press" and will never require authors to pay to publish with us or give us their works for free hoping for success.

Stretch Goals?

We don't want to get ahead of ourselves just yet. Even after the base funding goal is achieved, we'd like to be able to invest in additional editing and cover design. But we promise, there will be room for stretch goals.

So here are the first two:

$3000 -- Every backer of a physical book will receive a backers-only bookmark that includes a printed thanks to all of our backers. (this extra funding will allow us an additional round of editing)

$3500 -- Every backer will be able to send a free gift copy of the ebook to a friend. (at this level of funding, we will be able to get a higher quality cover designed)

$???? -- As we reach these first two stretch goals, additional goals will be announced.<|endoftext|>Close

A new study found having over 300 'friends' on Facebook causes stress in teenagers. But there's a good side to the story. The same team found that supporting friends in the form of likes and supportive comments decreases their cortisol levels.

Led by Professor Sonia Lupien, researchers from the Institut universitaire en santé mentale de Montréal and the University of Montreal conducted a study which involved 88 teenagers aged 12 to 17 years old. The teenagers answered a questionnaire detailing their Facebook activities. The data involved their frequency of usage, number of Facebook friends, level of self-promoting behavior and level of encouraging behavior they extend to friends in social media.

The researchers also analyzed their cortisol levels four times daily in a span of three days. The team stressed that the cortisol levels were not entirely dependent on their social media usage. After factoring in external factors, the researchers assessed that the remote effect of the popular social media site on the stress hormone cortisol is approximately eight percent. Findings showed that adolescents with over 300 Facebook friends have higher stress levels.

"We can therefore imagine that those who have 1,000 or 2,000 friends on Facebook may be subjected to even greater stress," said Lupien.

The team also found there is a decrease in cortisol levels among teens who use the site with an encouraging or positive behavior manifested in the form of sending positive comments and message and hitting the like button.

At the time of Lupien's study, the researchers did not measure the teenager's risks in developing depression. Past studies have shown that young adults with high cortisol levels do not manifest symptoms of onset depression immediately and could take as long as 11 years. The researchers wrote the study will serve as preliminary proof that social media behaviors have links with daytime cortisol concentrations among teenagers.

The findings followed a separate study conducted by scientists in Denmark who found participant's happiness level increased after a week-long Facebook retreat. Lupien and team's findings were released in the Psychoneuroendocrinology journal, the official journal of the International Society of Psychoneuroendocrinology.

Photo: Pabak Sarkar | Flickr

TAG Facebook, teenagers, Stress, Depression

ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.<|endoftext|>Google’s Pixel is no doubt a hit, with some models still out of stock a couple of months after launch. An analysis by Morgan Stanley gives us an even more detailed picture about just how well the phone is doing and what it may mean for Google’s place in the smartphone market.
